QUESTION-1:MINIMUM GIFTS

Problem Statement
A company has decided to offer all of its staff presents. Each employee has a rank in the company as a result of this. The company has established specific regulations for the distribution of gifts based on that level.

The following are the rules for gift distribution:

At least one gift must be given to each employee.
Employees with higher ranks receive more gifts than their coworkers.
What is the minimum number of gifts required by the company?

Constraints

1 < T < 10

1 < N < 100000

1 < Rank < 10^9

Input

The First line contains integer T, denoting the number of test cases.

For each test case:

First-line contains integer N, denoting the number of employees.

The Second-line contains N space-separated integers, denoting the rank of each employee.

Output

For every test case, print the number of minimum gifts required by the company on a new line.

Now let us understand the statement with the help of an example.

Input

2
5
1 2 1 5 2
2
1 2
Output

7
3
Explanation

For test case 1, adhering to the rules mentioned above,

Employee - 1 whose rank is 1 gets one gift

Employee - 2 whose rank is 2 gets two gifts

Employee - 3 whose rank is 1 gets one gift

Employee - 4 whose rank is 5 gets two gifts

Employee - 5 whose rank is 2 gets one gift

Therefore, total gifts required is 1 + 2 + 1 + 2 + 1 = 7

Similarly, for testcase 2, adhering to rules mentioned above,

Employee - 1 whose rank is 1 gets one gift

Employee - 2 whose rank is 2 gets two gifts

Therefore, total gifts required is 1 + 2 = 3




QUESTION-2: FOREST FIRE
Problem Statement
Roco is an island near Africa which is very prone to forest fire. Forest fire is such that it destroys the complete forest. Not a single tree is left.This island has been cursed by God , and the curse is that whenever a tree catches fire, it passes the fire to all its adjacent tree in all 8 directions,North, South, East, West, North-East, North-West, South-East, and South-West.And it is given that the fire is spreading every minute in the given manner, i.e every tree is passing fire to its adjacent tree.Suppose that the forest layout is as follows where T denotes tree and W denotes water.

Your task is that given the location of the first tree that catches fire, determine how long would it take for the entire forest to be on fire. You may assume that the lay out of the forest is such that the whole forest will catch fire for sure and that there will be at least one tree in the forest

Input Format:

First line contains two integers, M, N, space separated, giving the size of the forest in terms of the number of rows and columns respectively.
The next line contains two integers X,Y, space separated, giving the coordinates of the first tree that catches the fire.
The next M lines, where ith line containing N characters each of which is either T or W, giving the position of the Tree and Water in the  ith row of the forest.
Output Format:

Single integer indicating the number of minutes taken for the entire forest to catch fire

Constrains:

3 ≤ M ≤ 20
3 ≤ N ≤ 20
 

Sample Input 1:

3 3
W T T
T W W
W T T
Sample Output 1:

5

Explanation:
In the second minute,tree at (1,2) catches fire,in the third minute,the tree at (2,1) catches fire,fourth minute tree at (3,2) catches fire and in the fifth minute the last tree at (3,3) catches fire.
Sample Input 2:
6 6
1 6
W T T T T T
T W W W W W
W T T T T T
W W W W W T
T T T T T T
T W W W W W

Sample Output 2:

16




Q3.samu and her birthday
Problem
Samu's Birthday is near so she had started planning a party for all of her friends. Being a kind and caring girl she calls each of her friend and asks for his/her favorite dish.Now each friend has own liking/disliking for different dishes.

A friend can only like or dislike a dish it means if we are having three dishes 
 then if a friend says that he likes Dishes 1 and 2 then its obvious that he dislikes Dish 3. So for each friend we are given a string of 1 and 0 where 1 shows that this person like this particular dish.

Now we are given that Samu has N friends and total of K dishes available to make her menu. Now Samu doesn't want to make any of her friend unhappy , After all its her birthday.

So she got confused on what dishes to count in menu and calls you for help. You need to find count of minimum dishes to order so that all of her N friends are happy which means everyone has at least one dish to eat in party.

Note : Its for sure that everyone has at least liking for one dish.

Input : Input will contain T test cases and each of the test case has following description :

First line of test case has N denoting the total number of friends and K denoting the total number of dishes available.Both separated by a space (Dishes are numbered from 1 to K) .

Then it is followed by N lines each of length K . Each of the N lines contains a string of 0 and 1 where if 
 
 value in 
 line 
 is set 1 then it shows that dish number j is liked by that ith Samu's friend.

Output : You need to tell the minimum number of dishes to be taken in menu so that all friends are happy.

Constraints :




Each string will only contain 0 or 1 and it is sure that their is at least one 1 in each string depicting like/dislike of Samu's friend

Sample Input
1
2 2
10 
01
Sample Output
2
Time Limit: 1
Memory Limit: 256
Source Limit:
Explanation
Both dishes are to be taken into account as Friend 1 don't like Dish 2 and Friend 2 don't like Dish 1.



Q.Nearest larger element
Nearest greater number by interchanging the digits
Given two integers A and B. The task is to find the nearest greater value to B by interchanging the digits of A. If no such permutation possible then print -1.
Examples: 
 

Input: A = 459, B = 500 
Output: 549 
549 is the nearest greater. 
Input: A = 321, B = 567 
Output: -1
Input: A = 231, B = 125 
Output: 132 
 

 

Prerequisites: All permutations of a string
Approach: 
 


Set the minimum value of min1 by using the Integer.MAX_VALUE
Interchange the digit of A by using above mentioned permutation method.
Check if the permutation of A is less than min1 or not. If less then update min1 as A.
Repeat this for all permutations of A and find the minimum greater value
